[WIP] styling (#228)
zarr-developers/zarr-specs: docs/v3/core/v3.0.rst

Storage transformers
====================

> A Zarr storage transformer allows a store to change zarr-compatible data before storing it.

Reviewer: I am unsure about this change --- not sure if we consider a "storage transformer" a "store".  Everything else here looks good, though.

Author: i wasn't sure about this one either. Perhaps instead of "A Zarr storage transformer allows a Y to do X"  we can just say "A Zarr storage transformer does X", e.g. "A Zarr storage transformer modifies a request to store or retrieve data before passing that request to a store"

Reviewer 2: > "A Zarr storage transformer modifies a request to read or write data before passing that request to a store"

This still refers to the next entitity after the transformer as a "store", but it could also be a storage transformer. So maybe
```suggestion
"A Zarr storage transformer modifies a request to read or write data before passing that request."
```
or
```suggestion
"A Zarr storage transformer modifies a request to read or write data before passing that request to the following transformer or store."
```
